Vesile Ýrem Aydýn:
This project taught me how to work and code as a group. It was great to share workload and consult your team members but it also has some challenges like reading and understanding others’ code. I learned databases, some interesting GUI components, sending email automatically and other many cool things that we did not cover during CS102 lectures. If I had to start again, I would plan the entire process more carefully and work in a more organized way. I am glad that our project is fully working and we have achieved most of our initial goals as a group. I believe that I put my full effort to this project and worked hard to make it work. 
 



Furkan Kerim Çabaþ:
With this project, I learned that as a group we have to organize all stages carefully at the beginning and work with others simultaneously. I experienced most of what we learn from class during semester and additionally I work on a local database, which is MySQL, which is new for me.I think pandemi makes our job more difficult because we couldn’t see each other and we couldn’t work together so much. Lastly if I had a chance to do this project again I would have a better plan for every stage. However I am glad for the project.


Zeynep Derin Dedeler
I learned while working on this project, the importance of organization and communication with other group members. I learned how an database work and some different and beneficial GUI components that did not teached in the class, how a complier works. I have same regrets about this project even if I done some research and helping others codes and designing them I wished I could have involved more of  codding processes in the project. 

Aykhan Ahmadzada
This project was a great lesson for me and for my future career. Firstly, I learnt a lot about groupwork, how to cooperate in such jobs, how to take responsibility and approve yourself. Besides it it was also nice to be in touch with github and learn how to work with it. Also except GUI and Recursion, what is part of our curriculum of CS102, we learnt how to work with data-base, compiler class, and some layouts. Be honest I am proud of myself and my teammates. If I will have a deal with such projects in future, everything I learnt would be a great help to me.
